my home life was pretty well, I say normal, but what's normal these days?
Um growing up with a single mom, Um, my brothers and I and my sister
We grew up with my great grandmother and my mother and life was
great, but I think it was different because at a young age, my father,
our father was killed. And I remember that I remember just shuras
It was yesterday s O. While we had a normal childhood, my mother went
through a lot of different things. A different emotional things
because of my father getting killed when we were young. So normal, but
kind of sad as well, kind of emotional. My brothers and sister and
I we we did everything normal like everyone else. We went to school,
went to church, sang in the choir, and we were very active in sports.
But it was a little emotional for my mom because of my father being
killed when we were really young